Gi-hun: How about you stop running your mouth and show yourself? Stop hiding like a rat. 

Gi-hun: When I got that business card three years ago, it was around this time of year. So if they're still hosting the game, then... he'll be starting to recruit new players. If I miss this opportunity, then that's a whole nother year I have to wait. Uh-huh. Uh, understood. And I... Listen, I swear we'll find him this year. I swear. Woo-seok. 
Gi-hun: I'm heading there now. But don't approach him alone. I'll get there soon. Okay. Better hurry. 

Gi-hun: I found a knife and bloodstains in the alley. Wherever they are now, they couldn't have gotten very far. Check the CCTV cams and any dash cam footage from the area you can find. Keep on asking around. I'll be there soon. 

Gi-hun: Detective Hwang Jun-ho. I remember you now. I talked to you one night at my house, didn't I? We actually have met twice. The first time was at your house, and the second time... was on the island. Remember? It was on the night that the fight broke out. The masks had to step in to shut it down. Are you saying you worked there as one of their guards? I infiltrated the island as one of them so I could find my brother. How do I know that's not bullshit? There was a masked man who talked to you, asked if you knew Hwang In-ho.

Gi-hun: The money you see here is the price of the lives of all the people that were lost. We're gonna take it, and we're gonna use it to fight back. If you decide to help me, I'll give you all the money you could ever want. I don't give a sh¡t. I'm not doing this for the money. No, and neither am I. That psycho killed the boss and had me watch it. Boss Kim was like a brother. He officiated my wedding. I'll track down whoever that fuckеr answered to, make them play Rock, Paper, Scissors and shoot all of them dead. There are armed troops on that island. A couple of pistols aren't really gonna do us much good there. This is everything I've collected so far.  

Gi-hun: That's where Sae-byeok's little brother is. If for any reason you can't get ahold of me, I want you to call that number. Okay. Got it. Oh, shit. You again? For God's sake! Why can't you just leave me alone? Go see another broker like I said. Everyone else I tried told me that she was dead. If they all say she's dead, she is. You can't magically bring your kid back to life. I thought you said there was a chance she isn't dead. Actually, what I told you was that at no point had anyone reported her body or witnessed her death. That's different than saying she isn't dead. No one's reported seeing her alive either. Just please look for her one last time, okay? Today, everyone's just throwing cash at me. I guess it's the universe rewarding my good deeds. Please look, I'm begging you. If you need more, I can get it to you. If the issue were the money, I would have told you so a while ago. No-eul, you know how hard I've been working to try and find some kind of news for you. I have kids. I feel your pain. But I've already done everything I can. Then I know you get it. This is the last time, I swear. Listen, I have to be honest with you. I mean, the baby was one year old. How could she survive in North Korea without her parents? Not only that, her mother shot a superior officer and ran away to the South, just like some traitor who... Hey, listen, I'm not saying this is your fault, No-eul. It's just the harsh reality of the situation you're in. It's awful, I know, telling you to forget about your kid, but... you really should. It's the only thing you can do now. Sorry. I'm done. Let me just move the car. 

Gi-hun: No. They saw your face when you were on the island. It's possible they would recognize you. Do not engage for any reason whatsoever until you receive the signal from me. Copy, sir. If things go south, and something ends up happening to me tomorrow... Why would anything happen to you? We've already got that tracker on you. So no matter what kind of place those guys take you, you know we're right there, hot on their heels. So don't be scared. Don't worry. 

Gi-hun: You say this is just the way the world works, and that we should shut up, accept it and go on with our lives. But that's a story you made up to excuse your atrocities. I know that people are nothing but animals to you. You think you can buy us like the racehorses I used to bet on. You've become more eloquent. So, your plan is to try and convince the horse owners to put a stop to the race? 

Gi-hun: Hold on. After game one, if we vote to go, then the prize money gets divided among us? That is correct. 

Gi-hun: I'm fuckеd. 

Gi-hun: Yes, that's right! If they catch you moving, you're going to be killed! They're gonna shoot you. There's guns in the walls! That guy's gotta be drunk or something. 

Gi-hun: Pay close attention! He says they'll shoot us. You know, this is just like my dad. Whenever he comes home drunk, he always starts shouting the same bullshit. Says they bugged him.

Gi-hun: That sensor catches you, you will die! Crazy sh¡t. You see that big doll thing there? Look at it! Its eyes are like motion-tracking sensors! Motion-tracking eyes. 

Gi-hun: If it sees you move, you die! If it sees us, then we get to see Dad. 

Gi-hun: No matter what, do not panic! You can't afford to! Remember everything I told you! Stay as still as you can! Don't try and run away! woman on PA: With that, let the game begin. doll: Green light. Red light! Now freeze! Good job! That's it, keep nice and calm, just like that. You got it? Move steady as you go, and then stop before "red light." What you doing?

Gi-hun: If you do that, we'll make it out alive! Is this asshоlе a friend of yours? No, never met him. 

Gi-hun: All right, good, just try to relax! Stay where you are! You need to cut it out, you're scaring everyone. Speak with your mouth covered. It could be seen. doll: Green light. Wait, aren't you...

Gi-hun: Freeze! Are you insane? I said cover your mouth! doll: Green light. Follow me! 

Gi-hun: Hold still! 

Gi-hun: Freeze! Nobody move a muscle! 

Gi-hun: Listen to me! Nobody move! Don't turn your head, don't do anything! 

Gi-hun: Stay where you are! Don't move! No! Stop moving! You gotta stay still! Do not run! Stay still. 

Gi-hun: If you run, you will die! I told you, you're gonna die if you don't stay still! Don't move! Don't react! Stay exactly where you are! Please don't run! You have to freeze right where you are! Freeze! If you don't cross the line in time, they'll still kill you! Look at the doll's eyes! They're cameras that scan the field for motion! But it's not able to detect you if you're behind something! So if you're short, line up behind someone who's taller than you! Single file, like you're forming a conga line! Time's running out! Go at the next green light! 

Gi-hun: Don't move. Is something wrong? Just stay close behind me, okay? 

Gi-hun: Nobody move! Just a little longer! It's not my fault. That's not fair.

Gi-hun: Consent form clause three! "If the majority of players agree to stop playing, the games will be terminated." Isn't that correct? 

Gi-hun: Hold on, everyone! Wait a minute! Don't do this to yourselves. Just think for a second. Can't you see what's going on? These aren't regular games we're playing. If we don't stop this, they'll kill us all! Just focus on getting out of this place. And to do that, we need to win the vote. We can stop this here and now. 

Gi-hun: We can't do that. The only reason I'm telling you this now is because I wanna try and save everybody. When I'm positive Dalgona's the next thing we're playing, then I'll tell every single player here what I just told you people. 

Gi-hun: Come on. That money doesn't belong to me. The ones who died in this place, that's their blood money. And the same goes for everything in there. If you'd pressed "X" like I asked you to, we all could've left here alive. You could've saved everybody. 

Gi-hun: Let's go. Ready, set! all chanting: One, two! One, two! One, two! Knock it over. I believe in you, sir! Get it in one! Back when I used to pitch, I never threw very fast, but the ball always went where I wanted. 

Gi-hun: Okay. Ready, set! all chanting: One, two! One, two! 

Gi-hun: Okay. Let's go! In-ho: Get up! 

Gi-hun: Ready, set! all chanting: One, two! One, two! One, two! 

Gi-hun: Yeah? Okay, ready? 

Gi-hun: Just calm down. Breath and relax.

Gi-hun: Come on, let's go! Ready, set! 

Gi-hun: Hurry! 

Gi-hun: Hey, it's fine. During Jegi, if you hadn't stepped in to help with that last part, I never would've made it. Hey, 222, you doing all right? Yeah. And thank you again for letting me join you guys. Remember the first round? The ddakji flipped, like, bam! Right on her first try. Yeah. That was so cool. And for a pregnant lady, you were fast too. Since she joined she's been kinda like our good-luck charm, right? And, sir, you were incredible at Flying Stone. You just lined it up and... First try! And I saw, you threw it underhand, like... Bam! Like that. Oh, come on. It was like watching Kim Byung-hyun throw.

Gi-hun: We need to end the games here, by any means possible. I swear I'll help you, all of you, once we're out of this place. And all I want in return is to have your support during the vote. All right. Here we go. Let's say "Victory" on the count of three. On three. One, two, three. all: Victory!

Gi-hun: "Next game"? What if, in the next game, we have to kill each other to win? What then? 

Gi-hun: Give me that. ...please take this time to return to your beds for the night. Under here. Once the lights go out, someone could try to attack us while we're asleep. Killing each other also adds to the piggy bank. It's part of how the whole game was designed. In the games that I played, I saw dozens of people murder each other in the middle of the night. Right where we're standing. You have no idea. You don't understand this place. The kind of monsters that it can create. 

Gi-hun: Once the lights are off, we need to take turns keeping watch. I'll take the first shift. You four choose the rest of the order. 

Gi-hun: Go get some shut-eye. I'll take over. It's fine. I'm not tired yet. You should get some more rest for tomorrow. Let's not get back into that. It's not your fault we're still here. Yeah, I know. But I was never mad at you for that. Listen... Say I died right in front of you. And you... you got out with all that money. Could you let that go? That's the reason I went through this again. To make sure everyone got out. To put an end to this game. But... now, after all this... I don't know what I can do to make a difference in here. 

Gi-hun: Room 44! The light-green room! 

Gi-hun: Go, 44! Room 44! 

Gi-hun: Find a room! One more! Anyone! One more! We need one more! We have two! Just one more. One person! Over here, we need one! One person, right here! 

Gi-hun: Once the lights go out, the ones who wanna stay are gonna try come for us. They will? Killing us would mean they win the next vote and add more to each one of their shares. So, what do we do now? We have to attack first. It's our only chance. Those guys assume we're just waiting it out till the next vote. When the lights go down, we should hit them first since they won't expect it. 

Gi-hun: No, we can't do that. But we need to get out. 

Gi-hun: That doesn't mean we should all just join in on this useless bloodbath. We'd be playing right into their hands if we did.

Gi-hun: The ones who built this whole place. The ones who created the games and who watch us play. If we're gonna try and fight anyone, we should be going after them instead. They're up there. At the top of the staircases. They keep everything here running from up in their central control room. There's a man in a black mask who's the head of the operation. If we can get to him, we finally can end this. 

Gi-hun: What are you suggesting? We fight the other group through the whole entire night, and hope against hope that we all make it? Is that it, Young-il? Do you really think that's a good plan? Do we... stand a chance? If we can manage an ambush, yes. Those bastards up there, they'll never expect our side to attack. They'll be focused on other things. This is it. This is our last chance to put an end to these games and make sure they never happen again. 

Gi-hun: Here's the plan. We wait for a fight to begin. That'll give us an opening. 

Gi-hun: Once the lights are off, we have to get under our beds as quietly as we can. We can't afford to get caught by the other side. And we know they'll be out for blood. 

Gi-hun: We don't make any moves until the fighting's over. We wait, and we keep still. We can't afford to get pulled into the fight, do you hear me? Hold on. If we do that, then the rest of the "X" s won't have much of a chance. Without us there to help them fight, they'll be outnumbered. I know. But if we don't keep our heads down tonight, and if some of us get injured, or anyone ends up dead, it's gonna ruin our entire plan. If we're missing anyone when it's time to attack, we'll be setting ourselves up to lose. So, what you're saying is, sacrifice a few for the good of the rest. If we don't go after them now, we won't get another shot at leaving this place. And it'll be worth the sacrifice... if it means we can actually put an end to these games for good. 

Gi-hun: The fight isn't gonna last very long. They'll want to step in before too many players get killed or injured. After all, they still need us strong enough to play the next game. 

Gi-hun: Once the lights come back on, the guards will rush into the room and start getting the situation under control. 

Gi-hun: First, they'll break up whoever's still fighting. 

Gi-hun: They'll be so busy, they won't pay attention to the dead. Right after they've finished securing the room... 

Gi-hun: It's okay, come on. Go collect all the guns and ammo. 

Gi-hun: We just wanna talk, that's all.

Gi-hun: Okay. Here's the deal. We're gonna head up that staircase, up to where these masked men run this whole place. And we'll capture the people who captured us. We're gonna put an end to it all. They're gonna pay for everything they've put us through. So please, if any of you know how to use a gun and wanna help take out these fuckers, step forward right now. Listen. I get it. You're scared. I know, because I'm scared too. I don't wanna risk my life again. But I really don't think we're gonna get another chance to leave this place alive. And if they won't let us go, I say we fight our way out. Together. I'll fight them with you. Step forward. Me too, I'm ready to fight. Good. Come on. All right, everyone. Check your guns and ammo. Take a walkie-talkie so we can keep in touch. And set your channel to lucky number seven. Thanks for saving me. After this is over, buy me a drink. Everyone, listen up. This here is an MP5 submachine gun. First thing, to change magazines, you press the release and slide it out. It shouldn't take much to come out. And on the side, you flip the safety down for sustained fire, and put it up here for single-fire. Since we don't have a lot of extra ammo right now, we should only be using single-fire. And finally, this slides in up here, then you're gonna pull this lever all the way down. That's how you load your gun. All clear, everyone? You really know your stuff. Where did you learn all that? Uh, I was a sergeant in the Special Forces. Ah. Mask off. Come on, that too. 

Gi-hun: Get down! At your one o'clock! One o'clock! I'm moving in. Cover me! 

Gi-hun: Cease fire! 

Gi-hun: They have extra ammo in their pockets. Now which way do we go? Same route these assholes took. 

Gi-hun: Young-il, what's going on? Have you guys made a move yet? I'm sorry, Gi-hun. It's over. They got us. Young-il! What's going on? You still there?

Gi-hun: Young-il. Young-il! Say something! Come in, Young-il! 
